Chen Hao and so on
When will you come to owe me?
In a week.
Did you keep it for so long?
Your body is basically healed.
I'll go first
Right, right.
I preconfigured you for self-defense
It's safe from evil and safe for me
OK
I'll go first
This guy really cares about me
You are Dr. Chen
You are Secha Black Tiger
I heard that you cured Ye Xiaojie's terminal illness
Medical skills are unparalleled in the world
I have a brother who has been paralyzed looking for
Please save him
I don't have a medical license
Those who are capable don't need it
An incompetent person, he has a certificate, he is also a quack
Just because you cured Miss Ye's disease
It is enough to prove that you are a real person.
Lead the way
Brother Tiger, forget it
I can't fix my leg.
What did the daughter-in-law say?
Dr. Chen is a peerless doctor
He will cure you
Trust Brother Tiger again, okay?
Hmph, so many peerless doctors have not been cured
I'm still so young to do it
Spinal injury leads to lumbar paralysis
you
Dr. Chen, can you cure me?